He not only took bullets and rockets with his bare hands
And defeated the Thunder God of War
This has to say how powerful it is
Is this enough for us?
He is really the supreme Qilin God of War
God of Thunder
What the hell is going on?
No, I must not admit that I lost.
Nothing. I was just careless
Boy, I'm going to let you know today
Completely guard the way to the end of my temple
A cloud-piercing order
Thousands of troops are coming
This is the highest level of the Sky God Order, the Cloud Piercing Order
You can summon the four gods of war to the scene at the same time
Four War Gods of the Celestial Academy
Which one of them?
It is not the existence of one person against thousands of troops
I didn't expect to be here today
Four gods of war
Thousands of troops are coming
Unless it is Yunyin Sect Sect Master Divine Sword Bone Milk
Only at the peak of the strong shot
The entire building of Fogo is invincible
You're going to die today
The four-nation coalition is now provoking war
Army pressure
That's what you need to be a master
You are because of a woman
Gather the top fighters of the Temple of Thousand Shrines here
Thunder, if your prison master knows about this
How will you be punished if you don't kill today
It is the real prestige damage of my Temple of God
Three birthdays
You are dead.